well howdy there internet people its
bubble again so today we're gonna
reframe something we're gonna try to
we're gonna think about it in a
different way
because I did that two-part thing on
emergency preparedness and there were
two very common comments in in the
comment section one was where are we
going and we'll get to that that that
one's easy to explain
the other one is why why should I do
this part of that is the idea of it's
never going to happen here which is
funny because one of the people and I
warned him I was going to make fun of
this said that you know you seem so
rational about every other topic except
for this one
mmm it can't happen here thinking that
it can't or that you may never be faced
with an emergency that that might be a
little irrational however I can't say
that I really blame the association of
emergency preparedness and being
irrational because a large community
within those who like to be prepared are
less than rational about some things so
it's it's a fair Association however
that doesn't mean that the behavior
itself is irrational taking it to an
unjustified extreme is you don't have to
start reading outlets to talk about you
know the UN and black helicopters if
just because you know you put back some
extra food
so we're gonna reframe the way we think
about this rather than thinking of it as
emergency preparedness or prepping it is
insurance in a savings account you have
homeowners insurance right if you own a
home you do I would imagine
why most of the things covered for the
loss of your home anyway those are
extreme scenarios they're not really
that likely to happen however it's a big
loss if it does same principle and that
is why you also see people prepare for
the most extreme scenarios two reasons
one if you're prepared for the most
extreme you're prepared for the little
ones the second is it's a lot like your
homeowners insurance company is like
okay well we can give you a 10 million
dollar policy or a $10,000 policy and
the 10 million dollar policy is a dollar
more a month you're gonna pick the 10
million dollar it doesn't cost much more
to be prepared for like the most extreme
scenarios than it does to be prepared
for those that are more likely in a
sense preparing for the most extreme
also prepares you for the most likely
it's better to go that route so that's
why people prepare for some of the
wilder possibilities now you'd have a
savings account right and if you don't
you'd probably like one this is a
savings account of tangible assets that
you use in your daily life your
disposables putting back food or
whatever this is stuff that you would
use and that's what it is it's a savings
account you have a savings account for
unforeseen emergencies things that pop
up that you didn't plan for people look
at this and they associate it with
disaster and yeah
it's that that's part of it however what
if you lose your job be really cool to
have like you know 30 or 90 days worth
of food right get rid of that bill it's
the same principle
you're preparing for emergencies doesn't
just have to be major ones now as far as
the idea that it wouldn't happen to you
or you wouldn't need it hurricanes
blizzards earthquakes forest fires all
of these things floods they occur all
the time in the United States and when
they occur you might have trouble
getting what you need if you already
have it that's one less worry it's just
removing it you're just taking worries
off of the table that's really what
you're doing if you go through and you
do long term storage stuff you get it
put back you don't have to worry about
it again and then if something happens
you don't have to worry about you're
done you know that you have this it's a
peace of mind when people start panic
buying because of a news story or
whatever it doesn't affect you you don't
have to rush out because you already
have it you're already set up and that's
what a lot of it is about you're not
actually having to deal with the effects
of whatever the emergency is in most
cases you're having to deal with a bunch
of panicked people and that's what you
want to avoid you want to stay one step
ahead of them so there's two guys
they're out camping one morning they
walk out and there's a mountain lion
just chilling right outside the tent
and this one guy he starts putting on
his sneakers the guy next something you
are never gonna outrun a mountain lion I
had that running outline that's what
you're trying to do stay one step ahead
and then you don't have to worry about
any of the human problems that are
associated with disasters because you
don't have to go out if the average
person in the United States the average
person has a week to two weeks of food
in their home if you have 30 days you'll
probably be able to avoid dealing with
the worst of whatever happens you know
order may be restored normalcy may come
back in that time period the other thing
is that after Hurricane Michael I did a
bunch of relief stuff down in Panama
City I was able to do that because we
were already taken care of here being
prepared for an emergency is a lot like
being on an airplane and putting your
mask on first then you can help the
person sitting next to you there's a lot
of philosophical stuff that goes along
with this I'll put some links down below
videos about it
but it's not just for right wing wounds
it's for everybody being prepared can
only help now where are we going that's
just terminology people call it a
bug-out bag but imagine hurricane sandy
up north whole bunch of people stuck in
their homes no power that bag has
everything they need to cook everything
they need to see gives them
entertainment whatever you put in your
bag is what you're gonna have available
it's not really for bugging out but it
is better to have it in something mobile
in case you do have to evacuate because
the whatever the emergency is whatever
the unforeseen circumstance is may
require you to evacuate to somewhere
else it's better to have all your stuff
ready to go so just because you're
calling it a bug out bag doesn't
necessarily mean you're disappearing off
into the woods but this is something
that I can't stress enough it's one of
those things that if you'd need it
you're gonna be really happy that you
have it and our our government here in
the United States their track record for
dealing with emergencies is not good and
we've learned nothing from this nothing
we can tell from the response there's
still no unified response even after all
this time it's all ad-hoc and the longer
it is less than organized the longer
this is gonna go on
it's one of those things that goes back
to the whole one of the whole purposes
of this channel you know you have to
lead yourself there are some times when
an emergency happens the National Guard
FEMA whoever they're not going to be
there for a while and until then it's
just us anyway
it's just a thought you'll have a good
night